README.md, before:

# Space Watch

This is a react app for space enthusiasts that combines the latest news, launches, discoveries in space. It uses open APIs to gather the data and vizualise the data on the pages.

### Features
- See the number of people in space
- See the Astronomy Picture for any day
- See the Near Earth Objects in the next 8 days

### APIs integrated with this app
- [NASA APIs](https://api.nasa.gov/) - need an API key to access
- [Open Notify APIs](http://open-notify.org/Open-Notify-API/) - open source

### Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

Commit message:

* Updated README with instructions on running the app.

README.md, after:

# Space Watch

This is a react app for space enthusiasts that combines the latest news, launches, discoveries in space. It uses open APIs to gather the data and vizualise the data on the pages.

### Instructions to Run
1. Run `npm instal` in the terminal to get all dependencies
2. Enter the NASA API key in the `.env` file. Get the key from [here](https://api.nasa.gov/)
3. Run `npm start` to start the app locally

### Features
- See the number of people in space
- See the Astronomy Picture for any day
- See the Near Earth Objects in the next 8 days

### APIs integrated with this app
- [NASA APIs](https://api.nasa.gov/) - need an API key to access
- [Open Notify APIs](http://open-notify.org/Open-Notify-API/) - open source

### Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.
